Helm: add commonLabels (#9067) (#10385)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

## main / unreleased

> * [FEATURE] Add common labels to all Mimir objects, which can be enabled via global.commonLabels. #10385

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Add common labels to all Mimir objects, which you can enable via global.commonLabels. #10385
```

Author: Hi @tacole02,
I have created a new commit with your suggestion.
